{
  "Human": "",
  "A1": "Hey! What’s on your mind today?",
  "B1": "Hey! Just here, ready to chat. What about you?",
  "A2": "Hey! Same here, always up for a chat. What’s on your mind today?",
  "B2": "Hey! Not much, just chilling and ready to chat. What about you?",
  "A3": "Hey! Same here, just relaxing and happy to chat. What’s on your mind?",
  "B3": "Hey! Glad to hear that. I was just wondering, if you could be anywhere right now, where would you want to be?",
  "A4": "Hey! I think I’d love to be on a quiet beach with a cool breeze and a good book. How about you?",
  "B4": "That sounds amazing! I’d probably go for a cozy mountain cabin with a warm fire and some music playing. Quiet vibes for sure!",
  "A5": "That sounds perfect! Nothing beats the cozy, peaceful vibe of a cabin with a fire crackling and some good tunes. Do you have a favorite kind of music for that setting?",
  "B5": "Absolutely, something mellow like acoustic or indie folk really fits that cozy cabin vibe. How about you? What’s your go-to tune for relaxing by the fire?",
  "A6": "I’m all about some soft indie folk too—artists like Bon Iver or Iron & Wine just set that perfect chill mood by the fire. What’s a favorite track of yours?",
  "B6": "Oh, love Bon Iver! “Skinny Love” always hits me right in the feels. What about you? Got a go-to track when you want to unwind?",
  "A7": "“Skinny Love” is such a vibe! For chilling out, I often go for “Holocene” by Bon Iver—it’s like a gentle hug for the soul. What other artists do you like?",
  "B7": "Totally get that vibe! I’m into artists like Nick Drake and Iron & Wine for that mellow, introspective feel. Their music’s perfect for just zoning out and relaxing.",
  "A8": "Nice, Nick Drake and Iron & Wine have that dreamy, soothing vibe for sure. Ever tried Bon Iver or Sufjan Stevens? They’re kinda in the same mellow, reflective lane.",
  "B8": "Absolutely, Bon Iver and Sufjan Stevens have that same beautiful, introspective feel. Their music just wraps you up in a warm, thoughtful hug. Got a favorite track from either?",
  "A9": "Totally! From Bon Iver, \"Holocene\" always hits me right in the feels. With Sufjan Stevens, \"Casimir Pulaski Day\" is such a hauntingly beautiful story. How about you?",
  "B9": "Those are amazing picks! I’d say “Skinny Love” by Bon Iver gets me every time. And with Sufjan, “Death with Dignity” always feels so raw and real. What about the stories behind your favorites?",
  "A10": "Those songs are so powerful! For me, “Skinny Love” hits because it captures that fragile, messy side of love perfectly. Sufjan’s “Death with Dignity” feels like a quiet, heartbreaking reflection—like he's telling a bittersweet story but letting you fill in the gaps. What about the stories behind your favorites?",
  "B10": "Totally get what you mean about those songs. For me, “The Night We Met” by Lord Huron sticks because it feels like a painful nostalgia for something lost, full of regret but still beautiful. And “Holocene” by Bon Iver hits deep—it’s like realizing how small you are in the universe but finding some peace in that. Songs that tell stories but leave room for your own feelings always grab me.",
  "A11": "Absolutely, those songs have this bittersweet vibe that’s hard to shake. It's cool how music can capture such complex emotions without saying everything outright. Got any other favorites that hit you like that?",
  "B11": "Totally, that’s the magic of music. I’m really into songs by Phoebe Bridgers and Radiohead—they both have that raw, emotional pull that sneaks up on you. How about you?",
  "A12": "Same here, Phoebe Bridgers’ vibe is so hauntingly beautiful. I’m also a big fan of artists like Fleet Foxes and Beach House—there’s something about that dreamy, introspective sound that gets me every time. What’s your favorite Phoebe track?",
  "B12": "Totally agree, that dreamy vibe hits different. I’d say “Motion Sickness” is my favorite Phoebe track—there’s something raw and catchy about it. How about you?",
  "A13": "Nice choice! I’m all about “Garden Song.” It’s so soothing but has this surreal, beautiful vibe that sticks with you.",
  "B13": "Totally agree! “Garden Song” feels like a gentle dream you never want to wake up from. It’s got that perfect mix of calm and wonder.",
  "A14": "Absolutely! That song wraps you up in a cozy kind of magic, right? It’s like a little escape to a peaceful place.",
  "B14": "Exactly! It’s like a warm hug for your ears, making everything feel calm and safe for a moment.",
  "A15": "Totally! Those little moments of cozy calm really do wonders for the soul. Makes you just wanna close your eyes and breathe it all in.",
  "B15": "Absolutely, those moments are like little pockets of peace that recharge everything. Sometimes just a deep breath feels like hitting a reset button.",
  "A16": "Totally! It’s crazy how something so small can flip the whole vibe and settle your mind. Those little pauses really do wonders.",
  "B16": "Exactly! It’s like those tiny breaks are little mental reset buttons, helping you catch your breath and refocus.",
  "A17": "Absolutely! Those quick pauses can totally refresh your mind and boost your energy without you even realizing it.",
  "B17": "For sure! Sometimes just a few seconds of downtime can make a big difference in how you feel. Do you have a favorite way to take those quick breaks?",
  "A18": "Definitely! I love stepping outside for a quick breath of fresh air or just stretching a bit. It really helps clear my mind. How about you?",
  "B18": "Totally agree! A little fresh air can do wonders for resetting your mood and focus. Do you have a favorite spot to go to?",
  "A19": "Absolutely! I love heading to a nearby park with lots of trees—it’s super calming and helps me clear my mind. How about you?",
  "B19": "Totally get that! I’m more into cozy cafes, sipping coffee while people-watching. It’s my little escape to recharge.",
  "A20": "That sounds perfect! There’s something so calming about just chilling with a good cup and watching the world go by. Got a favorite spot?",
  "B20": "Totally agree! I love a cozy café by a window where I can people-watch and sip slowly. How about you?",
  "A21": "Absolutely, that vibe is the best! There's something so calming about watching the world go by with a warm drink in hand. Do you have a favorite spot?",
  "B21": "Totally! I love cozy cafes with big windows where I can people-watch and enjoy my coffee. How about you? Any go-to chill spots?",
  "A22": "Same here! I’m all about those little bookshops with comfy chairs and a quiet vibe—perfect for sipping tea and getting lost in a story. What’s your favorite drink at those cafes?",
  "B22": "I’m usually all about a good chai latte—warm, cozy, and a little spicy. Perfect for getting comfy with a book! How about you?",
  "A23": "Totally get that vibe! I’m more of a matcha latte fan—smooth, a bit grassy, and still feels like a little warm hug. Perfect for a chill moment too!",
  "B23": "Matcha lattes are the best for that cozy, calm vibe. Love how they’re smooth but still have that fresh, earthy twist. Perfect for relaxing or a little afternoon pick-me-up!",
  "A24": "Right? That gentle buzz from the matcha makes everything feel chill but focused. Do you have a favorite place to grab one?",
  "B24": "Totally get that vibe! I don’t have a fave spot myself, but I’ve heard some cozy little tea shops in town do amazing matcha lattes. You got a go-to spot?",
  "A25": "Yeah, there’s this tiny café downtown that nails their matcha lattes—super smooth and not too bitter. I usually hit up spots like that when I want something cozy. You into trying matcha, or more classic teas?",
  "B25": "I’m all for trying matcha, especially when it’s smooth like that! But honestly, I’m pretty down for classic teas too—sometimes you just need that straightforward chill vibe. What’s your go-to tea order besides matcha lattes?",
  "A26": "Totally get that—classic teas have that cozy, no-fuss charm. I’m a fan of a good chai latte when I want something warm and spicy but still mellow. How about you?",
  "B26": "Chai latte is such a great pick! I usually go for a simple green tea when I want something mellow, but a spicy chai sounds perfect for a cozy vibe.",
  "A27": "Totally, chai latte has that warm, spicy kick that’s so comforting. Green tea is great too when you want to keep it light and chill. What’s your fave chai flavor?",
  "B27": "I’m all about that classic masala chai vibe—cardamom, cinnamon, a bit of ginger, and a touch of black pepper. It’s like a cozy hug in a cup! How about you?",
  "A28": "Absolutely, masala chai is like a warm, spicy hug! I’m a fan of adding a little star anise sometimes—it gives a nice, subtle twist to the flavor. Ever tried that?",
  "B28": "Oh yeah, star anise in chai is amazing! It adds that sweet, licorice-like kick that really makes the spice blend pop. Definitely a great twist!",
  "A29": "Totally agree! That licorice note from star anise gives chai such a cool depth. Makes the whole cup feel cozy and a bit exotic at the same time.",
  "B29": "Absolutely! That little twist from star anise takes chai to the next level—comforting but with a surprising kick. It’s like a warm hug with a secret spice.",
  "A30": "Totally! That subtle licorice vibe from star anise really makes chai feel cozy and exciting at the same time. It’s the perfect balance of familiar and unexpected.",
  "B30": "Absolutely, that unexpected twist is what makes chai so addictive. It’s like a warm hug with a little kick of mystery!"
}